santa baby the saban hey guys so today
what are we doing my holiday room tour
and if you hear any background noise
it's because there's people in my house
I'm putting her wood floors in for our
rooms I'm filming on my brand-new camera
I just got it if you didn't notice I'm
coming on my canon eos rebel t3i it's
really long I'm so excited because I
saved up for this for ever um this is
kind of like an early Christmas hood
because my grandparents paid for a part
of it sorry if I keep looking into the
LCD screen i'm kind of like excited that
I finally have an LCD screen to look at
because it didn't happen on my old
camera so I'm ever doing my holiday room
tour like I said this is really
requested I posted a picture on
Instagram and you guys wanted a tour
this is going to be an in-depth like
room tour because this is just going to
be me showing you the holiday pieces i
have in my room for Christmas I'm gonna
be changing my room really really soon
I'm not gonna say what it's going to be
because I want to be surprised so you
first babies enjoyed this video the low
blow I beards enjoyed this video and
let's go ahead and get started the tree
bar me okay i'm gonna do a voiceover but
basically and the front of my door how
these color lights that I just string or
on my door and I think they can look
kind of tacky but I like them to bring
the Christmas spirit this is like an
overview my room but getting into detail
I have this little sparkly Christmas
tree and lights up with like LED things
you can switch it on then I have these
berries around to my paramedic handle
just so delicious then this Santa Claus
hat sitting on my e and then I have me
these like strong lights across my room
there's white and they like how like
they're white strings or like they don't
look weird on my walls if you know what
I mean instead of being green and I have
this 4-foot tall christmas tree i got
from my garage i'm not sure you can get
it unfortunately but they have some like
this at target i just put some beads
around it in some ornaments from my
garage that we usually will use on my
bigger tree and you guys have ornaments
and it's really cute and I
like a little pink skirt or a pink
blanket as this skirt so it's really
cute definitely brings in the Christmas
spirit and then I have my little webkinz
reindeer on my bed so that's the overall
torn and beards enjoy happy all day